README.md, before:

# IIS201 - Bring the Full SAP Fiori User Experience to Your Screens in SAP GUI

## Description

This hands-on session gives you an opportunity to transform screens in the classic SAP GUI interface into simple, role-based, adaptive designs using the SAP Fiori user experience without coding. This session presents how to use SAP Screen Personas software to make complex SAP GUI screens more intuitive. This proven approach improves user productivity, reduces training time, and increases data quality with minimal load on your IT team. 

## Exercises

The exercise content and the system access details are available [here](https://github.com/SAP-samples/teched2020-IIS201/blob/main/TechEd2020_IIS201_Workbook.pdf).

## How to obtain support

Support for the content in this repository is available during the actual time of the online session for which this content has been designed. Otherwise, you may request support via the [Issues](../../issues) tab.
For any SAP Screen Personas questions, comments and suggestions you can reach out to us via e-mail: sapscreenpersonas@sap.com


## Additional Resources

**SAP Screen Personas 3.0 openSAP courses** 
- Free, online, self-paced classes
- [Introduction course – 3 weeks](https://open.sap.com/courses/sps2)
    - Basics to get you started
- [Advanced course – 5 weeks](https://open.sap.com/courses/sps3) 
    - Tips and tricks for more advanced real-world scenarios
- [Mobile Development course – 3 weeks](https://open.sap.com/courses/sps4) 
    - Focus on building mobile apps with SAP Screen Personas


## License
Copyright (c) 2020 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company. All rights reserved. This file is licensed under the Apache Software License, version 2.0 except as noted otherwise in the [LICENSE](LICENSES/Apache-2.0.txt) file.

Commit message:

Added Link to the SAPUI5 Applet Source

README.md, after:

# IIS201 - Bring the Full SAP Fiori User Experience to Your Screens in SAP GUI

## Description

This hands-on session gives you an opportunity to transform screens in the classic SAP GUI interface into simple, role-based, adaptive designs using the SAP Fiori user experience without coding. This session presents how to use SAP Screen Personas software to make complex SAP GUI screens more intuitive. This proven approach improves user productivity, reduces training time, and increases data quality with minimal load on your IT team. 

## Exercises

The exercise content and the system access details are available [here](https://github.com/SAP-samples/teched2020-IIS201/blob/main/TechEd2020_IIS201_Workbook.pdf).

The source code of the SAPUI5 Fiori Table featured in the exercises can be seen [here](https://github.com/SAP-samples/teched2020-IIS201/tree/main/samples/iw29-mobile-table)  

## How to obtain support

Support for the content in this repository is available during the actual time of the online session for which this content has been designed. Otherwise, you may request support via the [Issues](../../issues) tab.
For any SAP Screen Personas questions, comments and suggestions you can reach out to us via e-mail: sapscreenpersonas@sap.com


## Additional Resources

**SAP Screen Personas 3.0 openSAP courses** 
- Free, online, self-paced classes
- [Introduction course – 3 weeks](https://open.sap.com/courses/sps2)
    - Basics to get you started
- [Advanced course – 5 weeks](https://open.sap.com/courses/sps3) 
    - Tips and tricks for more advanced real-world scenarios
- [Mobile Development course – 3 weeks](https://open.sap.com/courses/sps4) 
    - Focus on building mobile apps with SAP Screen Personas


## License
Copyright (c) 2020 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company. All rights reserved. This file is licensed under the Apache Software License, version 2.0 except as noted otherwise in the [LICENSE](LICENSES/Apache-2.0.txt) file.
